Alright.
Now, let's do sidebar.
All right, so for the sidebar,
I think we have most the stuff here.
We have a logo but although we're gonna
use the logo, I didn't even upload it.
It's really bad.
So we don't need a logo.
I like try to make a logo with AI and
I was like, yeah.
This kinda works but then I was like,
no, I'm not doing this.
So if you want a logo,
go put your logo there.
We're not, I'm not adding a logo.
We're just gonna,
that's part of the brand.
We don't have a brand.
That's what makes us cool.
Alright, so we're going to
import our card that we made.
We're going to import image component from
Next.js we'll talk about that in a minute.
Actually, I don't think we're gonna need
this because we're not using a logo or
this I'm not.
So we probably won't need that,
so and then our sidebar link.
First thing I'm gonna do is I'm
going to make some links here, so
I can iterate over them,
instead of making.
So in this case, I have four links,
instead of making four entries down here
in the JSX, I'm just going to make
one entry by looping over it.
Always do that even for static data.
If there's going to be an instance where
I'm going to repeat over something,
even if it's over static data,
I'm always gonna put it in an array I just
don't want to write it more than once.
Because as soon as I have to change it one
time, or more than one time, I'm done.
I don't want to do it anymore.
So I'm just gonna put it in, right?
If it's only two things,
I'm going to put it in, right?
And I'm going to loop over it.
So that's just how I am.
That's just my thing.
So I got my links here.
And they're just objects.
These are the links that we're
passing as you can see, like I said,
If the icon is a name is a string,
if this was a function or a component,
And we tried to pass this,
to a client component when sidebar
is a server component disk
this can't cross the network.
This is this is logic this is this is
something that needs to be executed.
It's not static data like the word grid so
that's all we have this.
So here's our links.
We have a home.
It's got the grid icon,
got a calendar, it's got a calendar
icon profile for the user.
And settings for your workspace or
whatever and then just our sidebar,
so sidebar like that.
That's where it's a default sidebar and
it's really just a card component.
There's really not much new to learn here.
So I'm just gonna put this in here and
I'm just gonna get rid of my logo.
I don't really need it and
we're just gonna loop over these links.
>> You got sider bar line 22 and line 30.
>> Nice.
Thank you.